♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Skye] "Pups Save a School Day."
Up and at 'em, every pup!
Ready to go! [giggles]
Almost. [giggles]
[snoring]
Hmm… Megaphone! [barks]
Pups, wake up!
[snoring]
I can get them up.
Huh? Breakfast time already?
Why didn't you wake me up?
[all laugh]
Hey, Grandpa.
When's the school bus going to get here?
My new backpack's all ready
and I have a tuna sandwich for lunch!
Sounds like you're ready
for your first day of school.
Better grab your backpack.
The bus will be here soon.
Okay, Grandpa!
Hey…
where did it go?
Backpack, where did I leave you?
Where could it be?
It's not down here.
I can't go to my first day of school
without my new backpack. I need help.
[Chase] Okay, pups, time for morning yoga.
Downward dog.
[yawns]
Now, upward dog.
[snoring]
Hey, look.
Marshall's doing the snoring dog.
-[snoring]
-[all laugh]
Time for the pups' breakfast.
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Ryder here.
Ryder, this is the biggest emergency ever!
What's wrong, Alex?
My brand new red backpack is lost
and today's my very first day of school.
Can the PAW Patrol help me? Please?
Don't worry. We'll find your backpack.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[both] Ryder needs us!
[snoring] Huh? What? I'm up.
Whoa!
Whoa! Oh no!
[all laugh]
Whoa!
Marshall, you have a bowl on your head.
Huh? Oh, my bowl.
Are we still having breakfast?
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
[beeps]
Thanks for getting here so early.
We need to jump on this one fast.
-Our buddy, Alex, lost his backpack…
-[Alex] I need help.
…and on the first day of school.
Aw, poor Alex.
We have to help him find it before
the school bus comes to pick him up.
[beeps]
Chase, I need your police pup skills
to find clues
to where Alex might have left it.
Chase is on the case.
[beeps]
Skye, I need you to search from the air
with your telescopic goggles.
[gasps] Yippee!
This pup's gotta fly!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
[giggles]
[barks]
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
Skye, have you spotted the bus?
[Skye] Found it, Ryder!
We've still got a little while
before it gets to Alex's bus stop.
Okay, Alex, when's the last time
you remember seeing the backpack?
Yesterday. Grandpa packed it
with a tuna sandwich and stuff,
and we went to the park to feed Fuzzy.
[Chase] Great!
Let's go check the park!
And then we went to the beach
and played in the water. And then…
Ryder, you and I can't check
all those places before the bus comes.
-We need all paws on deck.
-[beeps]
Marshall, I need you
to look for the red backpack at the park.
Zuma, check the beach.
We're on our way!
Good luck, pups. [howls]
[siren blares♣]
[tweets]
Hi, Fuzzy. Have you seen
a red backpack around here?
[chirps]
Hey, there is something red in that tree.
[barks] Ladder up!
[chirping]
Oh, that's not a backpack.
That's a balloon.
Let's keep looking.
There it is.
Huh?
Come back here, you silly backpack.
Hey, Wally.
Wait, that's no backpack.
It's just an old life jacket.
I'll take that for you.
Thanks, dude.
[barks]
Ryder, the bus is getting closer.
[Ryder] Thanks, Skye. We have to hurry.
Alex, did you go anywhere else?
Uh… yes. Grandpa and I got
apples at Farmer Yumi's.
And then, we had to make
a delivery at City Hall.
-[beeps]
-Rubble!
[Rubble] Rubble here.
Can you look
for Alex's backpack at Farmer Yumi's?
And tell Rocky to check out City Hall.
[Rubble] Rubble on the double.
If were a backpack, I would be…
[gasps]
There!
Shovel. [barks]
Aw, it's just
one of Farmer Yumi's old bandannas.
I guess I'm not a backpack. [giggles]
I spy something red.
Claw! [barks]
We are very proud to announce
Adventure Bay is on solid ground-- Oh!
Oh, whoopsies.
Oops.
-Sorry, Mayor.
-[clucks]
[laughs] You too, Chickaletta.
[phone rings]
Ryder, the bus
is heading down Alex's street.
We're going to have to hurry.
Where else did you go, Alex?
Hmm… We went to the station
to watch the trains come in.
The train station! Let's go!
[siren blares]
There it is!
Great!
Let's grab it and get Alex to school!
Ryder, it's moving.
[meows]
Alex packed his
lunch in there.
Guess who's having
his tuna sandwich for breakfast.
Ah… ah… ah… choo!
Cali.
[train whistle blows]
Oh no! Wait!
[meows]
-Oh no! It's speeding up!
-[meows]
There goes the backpack.
-[beeps]
-Skye, train station, quick!
We found Alex's backpack.
Now we just have to catch it.
I'm on it.
Okay, Skye, follow that train!
Let's take to the sky!
[sighs]
I guess Ryder didn't find
my backpack in time.
I guess not.
I'm sorry I lost it, Grandpa.
I really wanted my new backpack
for my first day of school.
[horn honks]
[meows]
[grunts]
All right, Skye, just a little lower
so I can grab it.
-[grunts]
-[meows]
[meows]
-[squeals]
-Gotcha!
[meows]
Got the backpack and Cali too!
Now, let's catch that bus!
[meows]
Time to go, Alex.
[sighs]
-[helicopter whirring]
-[Alex gasps]
Mr. Porter!
Alex! Catch!
Yay! Ryder found my backpack!
This is going to be
the best first day of school ever!
Thanks, Ryder!
You're welcome, Alex.
Whenever you need us,
just yelp for help…
-See ya! Have fun!
-Bye!
Thanks, PAW Patrol!
Hey… somebody ate my sandwich.
[giggles]
Bye, Grandpa!
Enjoy your first day at school, Alex!
You pups were really great today
and you must be good and hungry.
-Here's your breakfast.
-[barks]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-I'm hungry.
-[barks]
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-Hooray!
-I'm starving!
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[meows]
Well, look who it is.
Don't worry, Cali.
I didn't forget about you.
How about a tuna sandwich?
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-[laughs]
[theme music playing]